Hyundai has a wide range of electrified vehicles, starting with a 2022 Tucson and Santa Fe plugin hybrid EVs. You can use electric when you want it and gas when you need it. With remote charging and flexible ways to fuel up the Tucson or Santa Fe plugin, hybrid EVs mean you don't have to choose between style or function and power or range. You'll get both with a plug in hybrid EV. Learn More@hyundaiusa.com it is so easy to waste time on your phone. It's also really easy to do something fun and constructive. With Scribe, you got more than a great reading subscription. You've got a resource for learning new skills. Maybe you want to learn how to meditate. You want to be a better cook. Whatever your goals are, Scribb's Library can help you achieve them. With Scribb, the world's most fascinating library is at your fingertips. All for just 1199 a month. Enjoy instant access to scripts entire library for less than the cost of a single book. It couldn't be simpler either. There are no complicated credits or additional purchases. Explore all your interests in any format with millions of ebooks, audiobooks, magazines and more. Learn career growth, personal development, entrepreneurship, or how to survive a zombie apocalypse. Whatever your goals are, Scribb's Library can help you achieve them. You want to sound Scribb? The ebook for the 99% Invisible City, the book that Kurt Colston and I wrote. And so you can sign up, and then you can read that book and then have a million other books right afterwards. It's a pretty good deal. Right now, Scribb is offering our listeners two months of Scribb for only $0.99. That means you can get the 99% Visible City for $99. You can't beat that. Go to try script.com 99. Take your first two months for less than one dollars. That's Tri Scribd.com. This is 99% Invisible I'm Roman Mars. Like many teens in the 80s, my first job was at the mall. I was 14. I lied about my age. I was a bus boy in an Applebee style restaurant that no longer exists. On Saturdays, I often worked three shifts in a row, so I witnessed the entire circadian rhythm of the mall. At 08:00, I cleaned windows as the senior systems and tracksuits powered through the empty halls passing by. Shops with the cage doors are still rolled out. By midday, the families took over, and my usual job of cleaning glasses and plates involved cleaning up piles of food spilled on the floor. By evening, the teens arrived. They couldn't afford the restaurant, but I could see them in packs congregating by the fountain, always ready with an unkind word or some act of cruelty. The mall felt terrible. I hated it. But despite this, on days when I wasn't working, I had my mom drop me off at the mall. Kids in small towns and suburbs play the hand they're dealt, and being able to walk around on your own maybe buying a cassette tape of the Smith's Live album at Sam Goodie is the best that life has to offer. I was not a very cool teen. Let me just say. I was a very nerdy teen. This is cool adult in front of the show. Alexander Lang I feel like there are a lot of teenage mall scenarios that I did not participate in. Like, I did not meet my first bow at the mall. I did not stroll around with shopping, showing off at the mall, none of that. But no teen in the 80s could completely avoid the gravitational pull of the mall. Alexandra is the author of a new book called Meet Me by the Fountain. I think part of the whole argument of this book is really that people are social creatures and that the mall had to be created because the suburbs didn't really initially think about a space for people to come together, even though we're past the heyday of the mall. Alexandra says we haven't seen the death of the mall, even after two and a half years of a global pandemic. I think that people are people and they're going to want to go back out and get together again. I think we've seen that in the tremendous use of parks during the pandemic. And when we can safely gather indoors, people are going to be excited to do that because who wants to go to a park? In December, we're going to talk about how the mall became a ubiquitous part of American culture and what's happening today as malls across the country start to disappear. Let's get down to some basics. What is a mall? What makes something a mall versus other shopping centers that existed before or after? Well, a shopping center is outdoors and a mall is indoors. That's the most basic thing. A shopping center is a strip mall or a line of stores facing the parking lot with some sort of, like, covering over the space in front of them, whereas a mall is indoors. And the earliest malls were basically just like two shopping strips put together. So you had a department store at each end and then two lines of shops facing each other and a covered central aisle that usually had fountains and plants and benches and other amenities. So they were really just that super simple kind of eye shaped plan. And this shape, the long hallway is where the word mall comes from. That's right, yeah. Basically the name mall comes from Paul Mall in London, which is a narrow street where they used to play a kind of bowling game. So it was this long, narrow outdoor space where people would come together to play. And so the mall from Paul Mall turned into a landscape term for that kind of long, narrow, green space. So then when you enclose that long, narrow space under a roof, it is another kind of mall. So the mall in Washington is also a mall from the same origin, even though we don't really think about a shopping mall. And the mall in Washington in the city. Right. That place with the reflecting pool and the Lincoln on one side, that's the Capital Mall. But Lincoln is the anchor store of the National Mall. He's the Macy's, the Capital Mall. So Victor Gruen is credited as the father of the mall. What was he trying to do? What was he trying to make? So gruan was an emmigrate from Austria, fled the Nazis to the US. In the late 1930s, and he had really strong memories of the kind of charming streets of Vienna where there are cafes and people gather at fountains and there's this whole rich outdoor life. So he came to America. He initially designed these very glamorous stores in Manhattan, and then he was taken up by some department store executives who are, like, moved to California design our department stores. So he started designing these freestanding department stores, and he just felt kind of crushed by the landscape around those department stores because you could go to the store and you could park and you could go in, but then you couldn't do anything else. Like, you couldn't leave and sit at a cafe. There was nowhere to meet your friends. There was none of the kind of fabric of the city that he found in European cities. So in the early 1940s, Gruin was living in New York and flying back and forth across the country a lot like major airplane miles. And he gets stuck in Detroit on a cross country flight because of fog. And he thinks, Oh, okay, I'm not going to waste this time I have on the ground in Detroit. He asked his friends, Where is life happening in Detroit? And they said, Oh, it's all out in the suburbs. Okay. So he gets driven around the suburbs and he finds what he's been finding elsewhere in the US. That, yes, there are all these new houses, and, yes, they're all these strip malls, but there's nowhere to go. And he thinks, that master salesman. He should be able to sell J. L. Hudson on the idea of building a branch department store and a shopping center in the suburbs. And over the next several years, he does this. He actually sells them on the idea of building four of them northland, Southland, eastland and Westland. Yeah, I've always wondered about that. Why do so many malls have cardinal directions in the name? No matter what city you're in, they're all like Westfield or Southport. Why is that? This is the origin story, and this is one way in which I know the book can be slightly confusing because all the malls sound the same, and it's like, yeah, that was on purpose. Because if you're thinking about your city with the Center Point downtown, all of these malls wanted to establish where they were in relation to that center point. So if you were driving north on the kind of main highway out of town, you would encounter Northland or North Park or Northfield or North Dale or one of these other things. Same with south, east or west. So all of them are like named after the cardinal points so that people know kind of where to find them in relation to downtown. And then the second part of the word is gate because it's an entry to the city. It's land because that was open land before. It's park because they're attaching it to a parkway. They have kind of vague geographical associations. The problem really comes that like, I grew up going to Northgate Mall in Durham, North Carolina, but there's a much more famous Northgate Mall in Seattle that was one of the first malls. And so you always have to specify which city you're talking about. Yeah. And it feels like there's a certain point where the naming convention becomes just a meaningless convention. Like one of the fancier malls in downtown San Francisco is called Westfield. I don't think it's west of anything or a field at all, but maybe that's just I don't know, maybe, you know? No. Westfield is actually a huge mall conglomerate that's now owned by Australians, but Westfield may be originally named after a Westfield that was in some town. So Gruen designed these malls in Michigan, and he saw the early mall as more of a mixed use hub. There were shops and apartment stores, but also post offices and doctor's offices. How long did that idea of a mall last? Yeah, Groom definitely saw the malls as having a community function, and that's really explicit in a lot of his writings in the 1940s and 1950s. And he wasn't alone in that. There are other early mall developers, including James Rouse, who comes back into the story later, who also built malls circa 56 that had community spaces. They might have church spaces. They definitely had doctors offices. A lot of malls also had nurseries. So these early malls had a lot more community functions built in and they were thought of as replacing downtown and so having these mixed use functions. But what happened was, over time, by the mid nineteen s, sixty s, they're just start to be more and more malls and they're not being designed and created by these original developers. And the developers just want to make money. And they've also found that the mall has been kind of incorporated as an American pastime. And it turns out you don't need to have a community space for your mall to operate like a community center. It's just doing that anyway. So the mall is often blamed for killing downtowns. But is this completely fair? Like, was the mall, you know, a reaction to filling a void that was already created by downtown's decline? Or did they contribute in some way? The early malls were really predicated on investment by the department stores. But the department store owners only made that investment after they were already seeing a loss of business downtown. And the families who own these department stores were frequently like major urban philanthropists. They were the ones who paid for new shows at the museum. They were really like power players in Minneapolis, Detroit, Philadelphia and these other cities. But as the suburbs expanded because the houses were built first, they began to draw all of this energy away from downtown. And initially and now it seems foolishly in retrospect, people thought that women would drive back into downtowns to shop during the day, either drive or take public transportation. But once women and children were kind of ensconced in their houses in the suburbs, that was just impossible. Who would want to do that? And the shopping options were really limited because they were mostly these strip malls that had a supermarket and a drugstore and maybe a kid's shoe store, but they didn't have the kind of full service department store that they did downtown. So department store owners really wanted people to keep going downtown because that's where they had put all of this time and investment. That was not an accurate read on human behavior. So very reluctantly, department store owners began first to build some small freestanding stores. They called them like junior stores. And then Gruen kind of came up with this way by packaging the department store with other stores that they could keep their sense of dignity, they really wanted their stores to still be glamorous and still be special and not just another thing by the highway. So the Grueling idea of the indoor shopping mall allowed them to keep some of that glamor from downtown and also feed off other shopping, but move out to the suburbs. So these early malls go up and they get a lot of attention, especially this one large mall designed by Victor Gruen in a dine in Minnesota called South Dale Center. And it's a big media story. But how are these early malls received by the architecture and design world at large? Like, how did they respond? The architecture press was totally wowed by the early models. South Dale in particular was treated as this kind of second coming. One of the amazing things is that Jane Jacobs went out to Adina to see Southdale and wrote this very glowing write up of it in architectural forums. And if you think about our stereotype of Jane Jacobs, she was all about the city, she was all about small business. But at that moment, it was really seen as an important new element or important new tool for creating urbanism in the suburbs. The outside of shopping malls is really boring. They're just like the big gray boxes when you see them from the road. But all the design thinking goes into the inside of the mall with things like fountains and atriums. Why is that? I think that's where the community idea this kind of utopian community idea from the Gruin inception of the mall really continues, because if you're in a space that just makes you want to shuffle along, like, say, an airport terminal, you don't want to stay there. But if you're in a space where there's beautiful natural light and maybe there's a fountain that your kids can throw pennies into, or maybe there's a bench so you can take a little break in between going from store to store, you're going to stay there longer. And so even if mall owners stopped paying money for architectural features on the outside, they still spent a lot of time investing in architectural features and the upkeep of those features on the inside. There's a whole dialogue around maintenance related to the mall. And I think if you look at some pictures of dead and dying malls, one of the first things you see is, like, the plants dying, or they've taken all of the plants out of the planters, or there aren't enough trash cans anymore. And so part of the allure of the mall is of this beautiful and beautifully maintained indoor space that you can go to at any time, and the weather will always be perfect. And so that's where the money goes, and that's where I think some of the artistry goes. And, I mean, the title of my book is meet me by the fountain, because that's also how people orient themselves in malls, right? Like, meet me by the blue fountain. Meet me by the red fountain. The mall can be a confusing and kind of like jangly place, but these perpetual architecture features help us orient ourselves after the mall is introduced, and it sort of, like, begins to replicate. Then we hit the building boom for malls in the seventies and eighties, and then they really begin to change the landscape of america. Could you talk about that time and the rise of the giant mall? The early malls a lot of times are really quite simple. It's just like that I shape or a tshape or a v shape with one or two or three department stores. And the reason you're going to the mall is to shop, to go to the department store to maybe get a snack and a snack bar. The food court doesn't actually become part of the mall until the mid 1970s. And then in the 1980s, you begin to get the first wave of boredom with the mall. People are kind of over the mall, and that's when John dirty comes in, this la architect, and he's like, okay, how can we get people to want to go to the mall again? I know we'll put an amusement park in the middle of the mall, and once you put an amusement park in the middle of the mall, it gets exponentially bigger. Did every mall kind of react in this way? I know there's some key ones, like mall of america that has a roller coaster, an aquarium and stuff like that. Did that affect kind of ripple out into other malls or was it really just confined to a few big ones? The entire amusement park in the mall is really confined to just a few large ones. But the entertainment idea does ripple out. I mean, you get more and more ice skating rinks in malls. You get bigger and bigger food courts and they get more expressive architecture. So that going to the food court is kind of an event and there are more and more different kinds of cuisines that you can sample. You also get arcades added to malls. So the offerings of malls get broader and broader and just their square footage gets bigger and bigger. Those malls also are a bigger investment for their developers, so they're trying to pull from a larger and larger area. So whereas the original malls were really just trying to serve the suburbs all around them and like their quadrant of the city, these new malls are generally referred to as super regional malls. So they are malls that people would really travel to. When you had to get your prom dress, you and your friends would get in the minivan and go to the mall that was like one or 2 hours away because it had the bigger, better department stores. And you'd spend the whole day there and it's just a different mentality about shopping and it's a slightly different relationship to the mall itself. This is the sandy miss mall and this is where people in today's world hang out. Get it, loser. We're going shopping. In the 80s. During this growth in heyday, this sort of cultural ascendancies of malls, there's a real conflict about the mall as a public space versus a private space. Can you talk about why that's important and what is happening inside of a mall that's different than what would happen if this was a shopping district in the city? As you can tell from the whole mall history, there's been this desire to cast the mall as a community space and hence as a public space, to pretend at least for a minute that it's welcoming to everybody, that anyone can go there at any time. But as the malls become bigger and actually start to serve as those de facto public spaces, you run up against the fact that store owners, mall owners, don't really want all the things that can happen in a public space to happen in their mall. And the principal one of those is protests. So there started to be this whole series of court cases basically arguing over whether you can protest in a mall. And the protests that end up serving as the basis for these cases in both like the state and federal supreme court are over a whole range of issues. Like, some of them are anti war protests, some of them are anti fur protests, some of them are union protests. But in each case, the mall owner asserts that they have the right to eject the protesters from their property because they are not property, they don't have to follow free speech rules. And then you get attorneys arguing that if malls are going to be replaced downtown, shouldn't they also have to operate like downtown and let whoever wants to have free speech have free speech in these properties? One of the earliest cases in 1968, They're Good Marshall, goes before the US. Supreme Court and argues for the majority. And there's this great passage where he basically talks about how the mall has replaced downtown. And I was so fascinated to find that, A, it was their Good Marshall, and B, that he had really articulated the way the malls had taken on this public role as early as 1968 in a Supreme Court opinion. After that decision, the Court gets more and more conservative, and the assertion of free speech rights in malls actually gets eaten away until it becomes a state issue. And now that's something that's actually decided state by state. One of the most recent protests in malls that became a court case was a Black Lives Matter protest at the Mall of America. Right before Christmas, during one of the busiest shopping weeks of the year, the Mall of America is caught up in a legal battle with protesters. Four leaders of Black Lives Matters say they received letters on Friday threatening arrests if Wednesday's rally takes place as planned inside the mall. They're trying to force us to say something that they don't really have the authority to do. So this is definitely not only an attack on Black Lives Matter, but on everybody's First Amendment rights and the right to speak out. The protesters marched in chanting, and all of the screens that were installed in the mall around all of these Christmas trees lit up with messages that the protesters had to leave. So it was kind of like, you're ruining our commercial display for Christmas with your protests. You have to think about, why did the Black Lives Matter protesters choose the Mall of America? They chose it because there would be people there. There's no point in a protest if you're not going to have people see you enjoying you and have media coverage. So in a place like Minneapolis in the winter, the concentration of people were going to be at the mall, and that's why they wanted to protest there. And I think that's really the rub of all of these court cases. Like, if you've evacuated your city and put all of your commercial development in the suburbs, you have to leave space in the suburbs for things to happen that aren't only commercially motivated, like aren't okay with store owners that everybody doesn't agree with. You might have noticed that we're past the heyday of the mall. And with malls across America closing, what are we going to do with all that empty space the future of the mall after this. You might not know this about me, but I exercise a lot. And the best way to keep exercising is to find things that are fun, constantly changing that you enjoy doing. Peloton is pushing you further. With so much new on the Peloton bike and the Peloton bike, plus their new classes, new music, new ways to keep your workouts fun and motivating, Peloton is stepping into the ring with its newest discipline boxing. No gloves needed. Boxing is my favorite form of exercise. Discover a fast furious and fun workout with polyton instructors in your corner. Even if you've never boxed before, these classes will have you working up a sweat while working on the fundamentals of form, footwork and fun combos that will keep you on your toes. Plus, Peloton is adding fun new artist series classes work out to the music of a single artist for an entire class. From your favorite hits to the deep cuts, peloton has a workout for every goal, day and mood. Stay motivated while having fun with bike workouts, yoga, meditation, dance cardio and more. Visit one Peleton.com to learn more. That's onepeloton.com squarespace is more than just a beautiful websitemaking tool. It's the all in one everything you need to build and grow your online presence without the stress tool. Whether you sell physical or digital products, Squarespace has the tools you need to start selling online. Unlock an additional revenue stream through member areas where you can sell access to gated content like newsletters, online courses and more. With Squarespace's powerful, built in analytics, you can learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and use those insights to improve your website and build an effective marketing strategy. Those analytics also measure the impact of every email you send and where Squarespace's email campaign features you know you'll stand out in. Any inbox every Squarespace website also comes with a suite of integrated features to help maximize SEO so you can grow the smart way. Go to squarespace. Dot comInvisible for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use the offer code invisible to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. At squarespace. comInvisible and usecode invisible joshua is a Simply, a good customer from Indiana. A few months ago, he fell asleep with pizza rolls still in the oven. This could have been disastrous because he left him in the oven thousands of dollars in damages to his kitchen, at his home, or even worse. Luckily, Joshua has a comprehensive SimpliSafe system equipped with everything to prevent breakhands and smoke detectors to sniff out fires. He startled awake to the sound of a 95 decibel alarm from his SimpliSafe base station. Seconds later, he got a call from Simply Safety Professional Monitoring, checking to make sure that everything was okay. Even if he hadn't heard the alarm, the call from SimpliSafe Professional Monitoring would have woken him up. Joshua believes that SimpliSafe probably saved his life that night. Protecting people with their guard down is just one of the reasons more than 4 million people use and love SimpliSafe. SimpliSafe is less than a dollar a day and you can get it set up in around 30 minutes. And it's always simple to use. There's never a long term contract. You can even try it for 60 days risk free to see if you like it. If you don't, send it back free of charge. SimpliSafe protects over a million homes in the United States alone. Check it out. You can customize the perfect system for your home in a few minutes at SimpliSafe. comInvisible. Go today and claim a free indoor security camera plus 20% off with interactive monitoring that's SimpliSafe comInvisible policygenius is your one stop shop to find and buy the insurance you need. Just head to policygenius.com to get started. Policy Genius will show you price estimates for policies that fit your search. If you like what they find, they'll get you switched over for free. Customers who bundled their home and auto policies with Policy Genius saved an average of $1,250 per year over what they were paying. The team at Policy Genius are on hand every step to help you make decisions with confidence. The Policy Genius team works for you, not the insurance companies. Plus, Policy Genius doesn't add on extra fees or sell your info to third parties. Head to policygenius.com to get your free home and auto insurance quotes and see how much you can save that's policygenius.com. We're past the heyday of the mall now. How many malls have closed and our malls actually died off? Or what are the numbers like at their peak there were approximately like 2000 and clothes and malls in the US. I think that number went down to about 1500 over the past ten years. And people are expecting us to end up like after the pandemic, probably around like 800 enclosed malls. In the 1990s, which is basically peak mall, there were 140 new malls being built per year, but in 2007 there were zero new malls that were built. People aren't wrong that the mall is dying. There is going to be this huge die offs, but I don't think the mall is going away. I mean, 800 is still like a lot of malls and many of those are really the big marquis malls in their towns. Like in the New York area, it's things like King of Prussia outside Philadelphia or the mall at Short Hills in New Jersey or the Westchester up in Yonkers. So the richest malls are surviving. It's really what are typically referred to as class B and C malls that might have had Sears and other department stores that have now gone out of business, that are dying. And so those are the ones that people film like depressing glamorous shots at and also the ones that are potential sites for adaptive reuse. What do you think is the reason for mall's closing. It's a whole bunch of things. We've had this kind of panicky story for years that online retail was going to destroy bricks and mortar retail. It's actually only 21% of retail sales even now, and the Pandemic has accelerated that because more people were doing more Internet shopping and found out that that can be great for a lot of things, but there are still many kinds of shopping that are really better done in person. And even before the Pandemic, internet shopping hadn't killed off bricks and mortar retail at the rate that initial dire predictions that it would. So that's part of it. They're also just like larger changes in the way we shop. Department stores are no longer the arbiters of taste that they used to be, and more people want to shop in smaller stores, even if those aren't necessarily independently owned. And then there's also just a greater income disparity during the rise of the malls, the American middle class was doing well and growing. And now there is this great disparity between the upper middle class that's still doing great and the lower middle and working class who have less and less money. And people in those families are much more likely to shop in big box stores and discount stores because they don't really have the income for kind of the middle range stores that used to be the bread and butter of the mall. It's funny because today there are lots of malls that are now home to employment offices and DMVs. And in a way, that's super cool because that's the mixed use idea that was closer to Groom's original design of the mall. But you're right that it's usually a bad sign for the mall when this happens because they probably give them the DMV cheap rent because they're desperate to draw people in. So this is kind of ironic. Yes, that should be a good thing. I think having a DMV and other public services inside a mall would be great. Think how convenient that will be if you have limited time on a weekend. You can get all of these things taken care of. And in fact, in the conclusion of my book, I talk about the malls in some other countries, including the Philippines, where many of the malls have a lot of public services just folded into them as a matter of course. My mother volunteers for the Friends of the Durham Public Library, and they run a used bookstore, and it was one of the businesses in an empty storefront in Northgate Mall in Durham before it closed. So again, city services come in where commercial businesses don't want to pay rent anymore. It's hard for malls to recover from one of their anchor department stores clothing, unless something else big comes in. Is there a way for struggling malls to recover? Is there a formula that actually works? Some malls have been saved or at least stabilized by things like trampoline parks coming in again. That's the entertainment venue. One of the ways that I think malls can survive in the future is through smarter and perhaps more distinct curation of the mall stores. I know the curation is kind of an overused term, but I think for a long time malls are getting by essentially all having the same mix of stores and restaurants just at different price points. So you kind of decide how much money you want to spend that day and go to that mall. But going forward, it's easy enough to get inexpensive chain store clothing online. So malls could really distinguish themselves by stocking themselves with things that are all for families. Or I have a couple of examples in the book where malls have turned themselves essentially into ethnic food and business centers depending on the changing nature of their suburb. So you have like a Latino mall outside Atlanta or a lot of Asian malls in Northern California that have businesses that are familiar to people from other places, but also that they can't get somewhere else which sell things that they can't get online. When malls do fail and they do close, there's like thousands and thousands of square feet going unused. But there aren't a lot of mall shaped things that you can put in there after one is gone. What happens with these dead malls? Well, a lot of times they just sit there for quite some time because not only do they have these many thousands of square feet that not a lot of entities can deal with, but often they're owned by multiple entities. And so it's not as easy as just like one person selling them all to one other person. There have been some cases of adaptive reuse where a new business or something that's taken over a dead mall. What is the most interesting example of that that you've seen? Highland Mall outside Austin, Texas has been turned over the past decade plus into the Leadership campus for Austin Community College. And they turned one of the former department stores into this huge room full of computers like workshop space. And they have turned one of the other department stores into the headquarters for Austin Public TV with a lot of internal studio and recording space and an auditorium. Wow. And the parking lot around the mall, some of it they've actually made green open spaces, sort of like a regular college campus. And around the perimeter they're building housing, some of which can be student housing, but other of which can just be affordable rental apartments. It's great if we could reuse these dead malls in some way. Like, people always say that the Greenest building is a building that's already built. How do you feel about it when it comes to reusing malls? I love to see these examples of adaptive reuse. When people talk about adaptive for use, they're often thinking about older buildings in cities. But at this point. Malls are older buildings. Many of the malls that we're talking about that are failing are 50 years old. And I was actually talking to the chancellor of Austin Community College, and he was saying that lots of people have very poignant family memories of things that happened in the food court at that mall. These buildings aren't just buildings in their communities. A, they are very conveniently located, b, like, everyone knows where Highland Mall is because it's been a reference point. And we shouldn't just kind of throw away those memories and throw away that kind of name recognition along with getting rid of the tremendous environmental sync of the building materials. So I really see the malls as an opportunity, and I would love for people to get more creative about what to do with them. There's a lot of dead mall photography, which I think can be very beautiful, but it also kind of fixes them in people's minds as these dead entities and I think kind of like, stops the mental process that it takes to then think of, okay, what are we going to do with it next? I guess coming from a design background, I just see them as an opportunity and a problem and something that could be really fun to think about and something that shouldn't be depressing. But it's like, Oh, actually, there's all this new free land in cities. What can we do with it? Well, this has been so great. I've really enjoyed the book, too. It was just so much fun to both learn a lot of stuff and also have all this information slot into my own sort of, like, lived experience of a mall. I appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Alexander Lang's book is called Meet Me by the Fountain an Inside History of the Mall. And if you buy the book, which I highly recommend, and you flip it over and you look at the back cover, you will find that someone has written it's an architectural page turner. This insightful, witty and smart book captures everything compelling and confounding about the American mall. Roman Mars, co author of the 99% of the City I wrote that for the back of this book. That's how much I believe in this book. You should get it. 99% Invisible was produced this week by Chris Peru. Music by our Director of Sound Swan real mix and tech production by Martin Gonzalez, fact checking by Liz Boyd. Our executive producer is Delaney Hall. Kirk Colstead is our digital director. Our intern is Sarah Bake. The Rosa team includes Vivian Leigh, Jason De, Leon, Christopher Johnson, Emma Fitzgerald, Marsha Madawn, Joe Rosenberg, Sophia Clasker and me. Roman Mars we are part of the Stitcher and Sirius XM podcast family, now headquartered six blocks north in the Pandora Building in beautiful uptown Oakland, California. You can find the show and join discussions about the show on Facebook. You can tweet me at roman Mars and the show at 99 Pi.org. We're on Instagram and Reddit too. You can find links to other Stitcher shows I Love, as well as Every past episode of 99 Pi at 99 Pi.org. Get in, loser. We're going Stitcher.